Update issue templates and contribution guidelines (#374)
percona/mongodb_exporter: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature_request.md

---
name: Feature request
about: Suggest an idea for this project
title: ''
labels: ["community", "enhancement", "triage"]
assignees: ''

---

**Is your feature request related to a problem? Please describe.**
A clear and concise description of what the problem is. Ex. I'm always frustrated when [...]
If the improvement is related to PMM, please open [PMM project](https://jira.percona.com/projects/PMM/issues) feature instead of GH feature request.

**Describe the solution you'd like**

> A clear and concise description of what you want to happen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A clear and concise description of what you expect to happen.
```

**Describe alternatives you've considered**
A clear and concise description of any alternative solutions or features you've considered.

**Additional context**

> Add any other context or screenshots about the feature request here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add any other context or screenshots related to the feature request here.
```

Author: @atymchuk  BTW all that is standard GH template
